Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#240)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/sdk-native/map-control-concepts/map-styles-sheets.md

---
title: Style Sheets | Microsoft Docs

> description: Describes map style sheets and the MapStyleSheet static methods and provides information on default and custom map style sheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes map style sheets, which represent a set of rules that define the style of the map in a map view, including a table listing the default styles such as Aerial, RoadDark and RoadHighContrastDark and links to articles describing how to create custom map styles.

```
